@mrjloswald

Issue List So Far:

1. Typos
2. Limited Features
3. Semantic errors when editing for the first couple times

Incremental Changes: 

For Typos:

1. Do typing exercises every day to make sure I type with accuracy 99% of the time. @mrjloswald 

I completed this task by going on Monkeytype every day for the last week and half. Honestly it has really helped me minimize the time required to go back and fix typos because now I don’t make as many. Additionally, this more uninterrupted typing allows me to just get right into it when I think of a great idea (I can just type away without worrying about disrupting my coding flow).

2. Fix posture; as funny as it sounds, I think another reason why I keep mistyping stuff is because my posture is terrible when writing. Also probably explains why my back hurts... Anyway, I'll pay more attention to my posture and I'll make sure to straighten up whenever I catch myself bending down.
@mrjloswald

I completed this task not as a joke but as a genuine improvement that needed to be made. I made changes to my workspace a while back, one of which included having my chair closer to my desk so that my seating position is more comfortable and stretching every day. This has allowed me to code better as now I can type faster (and more accurately due to my more accurate typing). It also allowed me to have the discipline of maintaining this good posture which translated to writing cleaner and more organized code.

For Limited Features

1. Brainstorm and implement possible new features. @mrjloswald

I completed this task by brainstorming and implementing 3 new features: custom responses based on keywords, certainty level, and the ability to recall the question before (still in beta :D). I brainstormed these by thinking of unique features that normal 8 balls don’t have. I wanted to make the project more fun and more interesting for users and I think completing this really contributes to completing that goal. 

For Semantic errors

1. Relearn all the Swift Keywords and practice using them (on Codecademy-- a website where you learn how to code). @mrjloswald

I relearned all the swift keywords by going all the way back to the fundamentals section on codecademy, where I relearned all the basics of the swift keywords. I learned the base functions of the keywords and used them to implement my 3 new features (seen above). I now have a better understanding of what exactly these keywords do and actually can apply them to my code.


2. Think every time before thinking I'm done: "Does this make sense logically? Does the code seem like it would work based off of how it's formatted" (this will definitely work because Swift -- at least for me -- is more logical compared to many other languages) @mrjloswald

I completed this task by asking this question right after coding after making this question up. Since then, I’ve made it a habit and have been able to detect mistakes based off of the structure of my code before even running it. This has allowed me to not only gain a better understanding of my actual code but also allowed me to make sure that I can spot and fix mistakes in my code very easily, which was a difficult task for me before.
